**Description of Component**

The Identity Provider (IdP) provides a service that autenticates users, provides proofs of past authentication process 
(called _identity assertions_), and checks the validity of these assertions.  
It also provides IdP-Proxy to Id-Module deployed on the runtime so that this Id-Module may interact with IdP with the relevant protocol.

2 Identity Providers have been customised and deployed for demonstration purpose. They implement OpenID Connect specifications. The first one is adapted from agmoyano/OpenIDConnect (https://github.com/agmoyano/OpenIDConnect). This is an OAUTH2/OIDC server with added support for IdP Proxy. The second one is adapted from Nat Sakumura PhPOIDC implementation (https://bitbucket.org/PEOFIAMP/phpoidc). 

**Metrics**

Since IdP is a purely request-based service, the most relevant KPIs would characterize response time : for instance average response time and 9th decile.
- for authentication requests,
- for assertion generation,
- for assertion verification.

However IdP requests per user should be scarce compared to communication-related exchanges, especially on our testbeds which constitute more of a prototype environment. More, the goal of reThink is to let the user choose his/her identity provider, that could also be Google or Facebook authentication. Thus, loading tests the two provided IdP wouldn't be relevant. Finally, it is not the responsibility of ReTHINK to test reference implementation of OpenId Connect.  
Indeed IdPs are peripheral support services and will not be critical in evaluating overall environment performance. As a matter of fact they are pre-existing (almost 'legacy') platforms whose functionalities are needed within reTHINK project but not results of reTHINK.

**Tests**

No performance tests are planned.

Conformance tests have been conducted to enable the use of IdPProxy in relationship with the IETF specifications of the WebRTC Security architecture, that was the main input (https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-ietf-rtcweb-security-arch-12).
The application IdPProxy test is installed with the IdP Server and processes 3 actions: it loads the IdPProxy if implemented, generates and validates an Identity assertion is the user is logged on this IdP. An example of the application is  accessible at this URL: https://oidc-ns.kermit.orange-labs.fr/IdPProxy_test.html .  
