# WP-6 Telco 2016-07-04

## Dial-In Information

Dear all:

As discussed via the reflector, WP6 will **NOT** use the Eurescom Bridge.

**Please use the GoToMeeting dial-in numbers (see below, at end of these minutes) or VoIP to connect.**

Thanks for your consideration. 

Best,

Marc



## Agenda

1. Call meeting to Order
2. Roll Call
3. Approval of agenda 
4. Announcements
5. Discusson & Planning of Demonstrations
6. AOB
6. Adjourn

## Upcoming Milestones & Deliverables

6. D6.2 Migration Report (M28 = xxx)  --  *Summarizes experiences made during the IMS to reTHINK integration and provides a migration path for service infrastructure evolution.*

7. M6.4 Final Assessment Report for Phase 2 (M30 = xxx)
8. D6.4 Assessment Report – Revision (= D6.3 revised) (M30 = xxx)  -- *Summarizes experiences made during the service showcases and especially hackathons.*

## Minutes

1. Call to order at: 14.30h
2. Roll Call
  * Marc (FOKUS)
  * -- Simon, Jean-Michel (Orange)
  * -- Paulo  (Miguel Mesquita) (PT)
  * -- Arnaud (Apizee)
  * -- Yudani (Anton) (Quobis)
  * -- Sebastian (TUB)
  * -- Joachim (Kay, Steffen) (DT)
3. Approval of Agenda
  * no changes, approved
4. Announcements
  * D6.3 submitted on time; thanks to Paulo for merging the contributions and taking the lead
5. Discusson & Planning of Demonstrations

  * Events to consider:
    * Advisory Board Meeting Berlin, July 2016
    * Review Brussels September 2016
    * other to be discussed
    
  * What to demonstrate (list of potential demos, available or to be planned):
    * *In general, WP6 does not develop demonstrations but demonstrates what has been provided by WP5*.
    * Feedback from WP-5:  assumption that all applications per deliverable are available.
    * Status Quo:
      * Quobis developments ready for demonstration but not yet in "public" repository
      * PT Application not fully available
      * Apizee
    
  * Advisory Board Meeting
    * Goal is not to showcase an awesome application but that we have an example application that is build on top of the framework.
    * Interesting issue could be interoperability, e.g. two chat clients developed by different partners and then talk to each other
      * Interoperability tests only done between PT and Quobis
      * Catalogue from Fokus used, i.e. provisioning of database has to be done.
    * To Be Shown:
      * Chat Application (**save to be shown**)
        * PT & Quobis Front end --> interoberability
        * Runs so far on a "single test bed"
        * Catalogue Object are provided via an instance of Fokus Catalouge that is run the the testbed
        * Domain Registry involved
        * --> all those components run in a single testbed, i.e. right now the PT Testbed; (option: update Quobis testbed as well)
        * all components publically available, i.e. we can run a demo from "any public Internet connection point"; just bring two computers with web browser do run the demo.
      * Connection via differenct Messaging Nodes (**optional demo, based on feedback from Wednesday's tests**
        * demonstrate interoperability between diffent domains (PT & DT)
        * Simple WebRTC demo using a connector hyperty.
        * Add a thrid message node? To demonstrate three domains and include Orange; needs to be tested.
        * need to check if testbeds have been updated to confirm running applications
        * open: detailed description of demo, esp. URLs to use; needs direct synchronization between PT and Orange to include 3rd testbed in demo; suggested time: Wednesday afternoon; 3pm CET / Berlin Time; confirmed.  Paulo takes lead and sends a join-me invite
        * start tests before Wednesday, and take Wednesday to work on problems.
      * Option: short video by Orange.
      * Braclett Hyperty Demo (**safe; up and running**)
        * Hyperty running a stand-alone appliction (on a mobile phone) connecting to a bracelett
        * Can connect from anther brower to that hyperty to aquire data
        * Running on PT testbed; requires to install stand-alone application on mobile
        * Mobile phone + installed app (Paulo will bring one for the Board Meeting);  bracelett (Paulo to bring); Computer w/ browser to access data on bracelett;
        * Registry + Catalogue
      * Dry Run Through: Thursday, 3pm CET -- 2h call.  


  
  * Review Brussels
    * Advisory Board Demons + X (x tbd.)
    
  * Additional events
    * all partners to think of potential demo events to be considered


6. AOB
 * Info from Orange:  Contacted W3C Representative of Orange; suggested to demonstrate at W3C meeting in September in Lisbon (same time as in Brussels)

6. Adjourned at XXXh

## Action Items

### Old Action Items
* 20160404-01:  TUB provide a dockerimage for the Global Registry

### New Action Items

* 20160704-01:  ALL -- think about potential demonstration events / activities and provide feedback to group to consider them

* to be filled.


## Annex

### A -- Dial-in Information

1.  Please join my meeting, 4 Jul 2016 at 14:30 CEST.
https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/403672213

2.  Use your microphone and speakers (VoIP) - a headset is recommended. Or, call in using your telephone.

Germany: +49 (0) 692 5736 7206
Australia: +61 2 8355 1034
Austria: +43 7 2088 0716
Belgium: +32 (0) 28 93 7002
Canada: +1 (647) 497-9372
Denmark: +45 69 91 84 58
Finland: +358 (0) 923 17 0556
France: +33 (0) 170 950 590
Ireland: +353 (0) 19 030 053
Italy: +39 0 699 26 68 65
Netherlands: +31 (0) 208 080 759
New Zealand: +64 9 974 9579
Norway: +47 21 04 30 59
Spain: +34 931 76 1534
Sweden: +46 (0) 852 500 691
Switzerland: +41 (0) 435 0026 89
United Kingdom: +44 (0) 20 3713 5011
United States: +1 (669) 224-3319

Access Code: 403-672-213
Audio PIN: Shown after joining the meeting

Meeting ID: 403-672-213

GoToMeeting®
Online Meetings Made Easy®

Not at your computer? Click the link to join this meeting from your iPhone®, iPad®, Android® or Windows Phone® device via the GoToMeeting app.
