# WP-6 Telco 2016-02-22

## Dial-In Information

Dear all:

As discussed via the reflector, WP6 will **NOT** use the Eurescom Bridge.

**Please use the GoToMeeting dial-in numbers (see below, at end of these minutes) or VoIP to connect.**

Thanks for your consideration. 

Best,

Marc



## Agenda

1. Call meeting to Order
2. Roll Call
3. Approval of agenda 
4. Status Quo Testbed Nodes
5. Review of open action items & open issues on GitHub
6. M6.1 Testbed provisioning MileStone
7. AOB
8. Adjourn

## Upcoming Milestones & Deliverables

1. M6.1 Testbed provisioning and operational (M14 = Feb 2016)
  * corresponds to GitHub Milestone [WP-6-I-03](https://github.com/reTHINK-project/testbeds/milestones/WP-6-I-03:%20%20Initial%20set-up%20of%20testbed%20nodes)
2. M6.2 Accessible reTHINK infrastructure, specification (M16 = April 2016)
3. D6.1 Testbed specification (M16 = April 2016)

## Minutes

1. Meeting called to order at 14:03
2. Roll Call
  * Marc (FOKUS)
  * Simon (Jean-Michel) (Orange)
  * -- no one present (Miguel Mesquita) (PT)
  * -- no one present (Apizee)
  * -- no one present (Quobis)
  * -- no one present (TUB)
  * -- no one present, excused, (Kay), (Steffen) (DT)
3. Approval of Agenda
 * no changes, approved
4. Status Quo Testbed Nodes
 * Fokus node:
   * Firewall has been opened --> node is accessible from the public internet
   * node is running a reTHINK catalogue instance that is accessible via http (broker, database with example entries, and catalogue web testsite)
   * Remaining issue:  https support
     * request for Fraunhofer Cert issued
 * DT node:
   * filed the internal "privacy and securtiy assessment"; waiting for reply / further clarification requests
   * tested docker images for rev proxy; extended them to support Websocket.  All working.
   * Having finished the docker tests, *DT supports the docker-based approach for all deployments on the testbeds*
   * Question: Is it possible to *dynamically configure the VirtualHosts in the reverse proxy*?
     * in general yes, but we have not done the work so far.  Googling the issues seems to give believe that it can be done.
     * Opening a related issue on this. https://github.com/reTHINK-project/testbeds/issues/34
 * Orange node:
   * Accessible from public Internet (outside Orange)
   * Planned to deploy the QoS Broker on it next week (in a VM).
   * Domain registry running on the system. 
   * **completed checks for milestone**
 * PT node:
   * Current status (from previous calls):  Need additional infrastructure in order to deploy a docker image on the test nodes.  

4. Review of open action items & open issues on GitHub
 * Topography of the testbed ([issue #16](https://github.com/reTHINK-project/testbeds/issues/16))
5. M6.1 Testbed provisioning MileStone
 * Verification of testbed status:
   * For the upcoming milestone, assure that *reThink* components are accessbile from the public internet.  
   * Have test end of next week for each testbed node.
    * Test should allow to access one reThink component to be deployed on each partners' node and to be accessed from the Internet (i.e. from a computer with a public IP outside the infrastructure from the test node.
    * We have at least one set of docker images (the catalogue) that can be used for that test; but others can be used as well.
    * How to practicall do this?
      * Fokus node: access catalogue from public (fokus-external) IP. Works. (**all done**)
      * DT: cannot test this as public access is not possible at this time
        * If this cannot be done by the end of the week, DT has to provide a written summary of the status of its testbed node and an explanation / justification for the delay to include this in the MS-report.
        *  (**open, so far have not completed MS**)
      * Orange: IDP and Registry running.  Can be accessed (**all done**)
      * PT: 
        * (**open, so far have not completed MS**)
        * If this cannot be done by the end of the week, DT has to provide a written summary of the status of its testbed node and an explanation / justification for the delay to include this in the MS-report. 
      

6. AOB
 * Short discussion on D6.1
   * Use what we basically have on GitHub, i.e. description of infrastrucutre and how to get something running on the nodes, i.e. how to build a docker image and deploy it. 
 * **Next phone call Feb 29**
7. Adjourned at 14:22h

## Action Items

### Old Action Items
* 20160111-05: [PT -- Provide figure of testbed set-up including mapping of services to docker images](https://github.com/reTHINK-project/testbeds/issues/26) **issue reopened; figure provided using different format**
* 20160208-01:  Contineously review issue Topography of the testbed ([issue #16](https://github.com/reTHINK-project/testbeds/issues/16))
* 20160208-02:  DT -- please close on [Constraints of Test Bed Operators (DTAG)](https://github.com/reTHINK-project/testbeds/issues/7)
 
### New Action Items
 * 20160222-01:  [DT -- provide a written summary of the status of the DT testbed node and providea a justification for the delay / expected completion time (to have access to the node from a public IP)](https://github.com/reTHINK-project/testbeds/issues/35)


## Annex

### A -- Dial-in Information

1.  Please join my meeting.
https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/927710981

2.  Use your microphone and speakers (VoIP) - a headset is recommended. Or, call in using your telephone.

United States: +1 (312) 757-3119
Australia: +61 2 9091 7603
Austria: +43 7 2088 0716
Belgium: +32 (0) 28 08 4372
Canada: +1 (647) 497-9380
Denmark: +45 69 91 84 58
Finland: +358 (0) 931 58 1773
France: +33 (0) 170 950 590
Germany: +49 (0) 692 5736 7300
Ireland: +353 (0) 15 360 756
Italy: +39 0 699 26 68 65
Netherlands: +31 (0) 208 080 759
New Zealand: +64 9 974 9579
Norway: +47 21 04 30 59
Spain: +34 931 76 1534
Sweden: +46 (0) 852 500 691
Switzerland: +41 (0) 435 0026 89
United Kingdom: +44 (0) 20 3713 5011

Access Code: 927-710-981
Audio PIN: Shown after joining the meeting

Meeting ID: 927-710-981

